site_title::string::TexViet Estate
site_slogan::string::We’re TexViet Estate Pro
search_title::string::Search Properties For
search_button::string::Search Properties

real_estate::string::Real Estate
investors::string::Investors
distressed_sellers::string::Distressed Sellers
property_management::string::Property Management

home_contact_entername::string::Enter your name
home_contact_enteremail::string::Enter email address
home_contact_entersubject::string::Enter Subject
home_contact_entermessage::string::Enter Message
home_contact_sendmessage::string::Send Message
menu_home::string::Home
menu_service::string::Service
menu_dating::string::Dating
menu_travel::string::Travel
menu_property::string::Property
menu_contact::string::Contact
menu_about::string::About Us
footer_contact::string::Contact Us
footer_address1::string::California, United States
footer_address2::string::Santa monica bullevard
footer_phone::string::00 (440) 9865 562
footer_worktime::string::Mon to Fri 9am to 6 pm
footer_mailto::string::support@colorlib.com
footer_sendps::string::Send us your query anytime
footer_social_title::string::Instragram Feed
footer_follow::string::Follow Us
footer_send_us_social::string::Let us be social
footer_copyright::string::Copyright &copy;2018 All rights reserved
bed::string::Bedrooms
bath::string::Bathrooms
sqft::string::SqFt
area::string::Area
built::string::Built
rentrate::string::Rent rate
permonth::string:: per Month
home_forrent::string::For Rent

sell::string::Sell
rent::string::Rent
choose_locations::string::Choose Locations
property_type::string::Property Type
price_range::string::Price Range
area_range::string::Area Range
